Reset windows version pinned (#234)
DataDog/ansible-datadog: README.md

been blacklisted (starting with the version `3.3.0` of this role).

**PLEASE NOTE:** ansible will fail on Windows if `datadog_agent_version` is set
to `6.14.0` or `6.14.1`. Please use `6.14.2` or above instead.

If you are updating from **6.14.0 or 6.14.1 on Windows**, we **strongly** recommend following these steps:

1. Upgrade the present `Datadog.datadog` ansible role to the latest version (`>=3.3.0`)

> 2. Set the `datadog_agent_version` to `6.14.2` or above (by default the role install latest).

Reviewer: Is using the default role behavior also an option? In that case I'd put something like this to stress the fact that using latest is also fine:
```suggestion
2. Set the `datadog_agent_version` to `6.14.2` or above (or use the default role behavior, which will install the latest Agent 6).
```

Author: If not specify the role will install the latest version. I think we should avoid mentioning `6` since `7` is around the corner.

> 2. Set the `datadog_agent_version` to `6.14.2` or above (by default the role install latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the `datadog_agent_version` to `6.14.2` or above (by default the role installs latest).
```
